Good morning. We are half an hour from
the open in Hong Kong, Shanghai, and
Shenzhen. You're watching the China
show. I'm David Ingles with Steven
Engel.
>> Our top stories this morning, Asian
stocks rebounding from three days of
losses as optimism over a Fed rate cut
this month outweighs renewed US China
trade tensions. President Trump
threatening to stop imports of Chinese
cooking oil over Beijing's refusal to
buy US soybeans, but his trade
representative still expects ongoing
talks to ease the tensions. Also ahead,
China's price data out this hour set to
show only a slight pullback of
deflationary pressures. Plus, a
Bloomberg scoop. Apple is pivoting
further away from China with plans to
build more devices in Vietnam, including
partnerships with BYD.
[Music]
Good morning. So after 3 days of
weakness across equity markets, we are
seeing some bargain hunters coming in
and swooping in. Volumes are still on
the lighter side for most these markets
coming online. Taiwan is coming online
and of course within the markets like
Taiwan. Uh MediaTek we're looking at
that coming up on your screens that
that's an Nvidia story. Uh Cosby index
within that of course is Korea's Inc.
which has really come up. I think we're
looking at declines there. Right. Uh on
the dollar gold you have on the rates
agenda today as Steve was pointing out
we have the Chinese inflation numbers
coming out bottom of the hour plus of
course his 20-year bond auction. All
things equal of course markets are
paying attention to flip the page
please. Jay Powell and the likely rate
cut coming uh end of the month. Okay. Uh
A50 futures are pointing to the upside
and following of course us entering a
technical correction on the hingen tech
index but yeah we can get to all of this
later on of course.
>> Yeah we're going to be talking about
this in extensive detail throughout the
morning. All right meanwhile top global
fund managers are gathering in Taipei
for this year's cafe a asset management
summit. Our co-anchor Ivon man is there.
Ivon what's on tap?
Well, Steve, we sort of had a really
conversation with the Cath Financial
Holdings President, CK Lee, and really
talking about the potential for Taiwan
to be potentially that next wealth and
asset management hub, right? There
certainly has been these new pet
projects in the southern tip of the
island, Gawong, to try to actually, you
know, all this newfound wealth from
equity markets, this AI boom to keep
that wealth on shore. So they've
developed this sort of testing ground in
Gauson with looser regulations, new
wealth management products uh and also
looser restrictions around banks to try
to at least push for this mission. Kathy
Financial Holdings certainly is looking
into that as well. And part of it is
really kind of moving some of their uh
AUM and assets from its life insurance
unit to its asset management arm. That
was some of the news that we just broke
as well. So the potential is there when
it comes to this new wealth. ETFs have
certainly been booming as well here and
of course a very strong industrial base.
But there are also challenges as well.
How do you compete with the likes of
Hong Kong and Singapore which are very
well established when it comes to being
a financial hub and the tax incentives
there? Taiwan has very high taxes. For
example, also there's still capital
controls around the Taiwan dollar as
well. We spoke to CK Lee about how to
overcome some of those hurdles
>> for the uh currency control. Uh somehow
this is weakness for Taiwan for the
geographic geopolitical bridge somehow
uh some some investor will have concern
but I think this time the most important
thing is the deregulation.
So through the degation you can see we
had lot of new business we can do those
business actually we we try to do but we
cannot do in before but this time those
regulation would help help a lot
>> so we've heard of the so-called you know
existing silicon shield that Taiwan has
right it's its chip dominance uh is
hopefully strong enough to really kind
of convince governments to come to the
island's defense in in the face of a
Chinese invasion. Well, what they're
trying to do now is build a financial
shield in Taiwan and keeping that money
and wealth on shore. We're going to have
a great panel coming up here at the Cafe
event here. We're going to be joined by
the PIMCO uh chairman uh uh vice
chairman John Suzinski there. Also from
the cafe a site, chairman Alan Lee who's
going to be joining us with a great
conversation about how to navigate
around some of the geopolitical, you
know, issues, headlines as you guys have
been talking about all morning and of
course the shifts that we're seeing
across capital markets.
>> All right, Ivon, we'll be going back to
you throughout the morning. Ivon man in
Taipei. Now, here's a closer look at
what we're also watching today. The Hang
Sang index obviously has been down about
seven consecutive sessions, pairing
about 7% uh of value over the last week
or so and the tech selloff continued in
Hong Kong yesterday with Alibaba being
the biggest drag on the Hang Sang index
down more than 4% yesterday. SMIC the
chipmaker the head was the biggest
percentage faller down 8 and a half% but
we'll have to see whether again across
China and Hong Kong markets whether the
optimism towards a Fed cut uh looming
this autumn will offset that selloff
that we've seen in the Hangen and also
in China over the last couple of
sessions. We're also going to be
looking, of course, at that CPI and PPI
data, consistent deflation at the
factory gate and whether CPI inflation
can month over month can kind of
moderate a little bit. And again, there
is uh a window open for the next three
days about uh money supply and uh uh
credit uh numbers coming out of China.
>> Yep. Um everything from M1 all the way
to M3. uh and I think sockgen of course
will be joining us bottom of the hour to
help us unpack the inflation numbers and
give us a preview of course of what they
expect as far as the credit data um is
concerned. So on the hen index itself I
think we're about 3 and a half 4% away
from the technical correction. I think
Hen Tech entered that Hen China which is
separate of course 875194
is not my phone number that's the level
to watch there on the Henen China index
and the volume gauge as well. We're back
to levels here last seen in May. Okay,
let's bring in Katherine Nye, of course,
who leads our Asia stocks coverage to
help us understand where we are and are
we likely to see Katherine, good morning
to you. Uh, continued selling today. Are
we going to see a bounce?
>> Um, well, this is the million-dollar
question, but um I do think that the the
word reassess and recalibration is
really the name of the game right now,
right? You you've already mentioned some
of the the the positives that we've
talked about, right? That that um you
know, the the the regionally looks good.
people are thinking about the Fed and
things like that and and maybe the some
of the eco data and the assessments or
or the outlook for the eco data doesn't
look as bad as expected right but there
is you know what we thought what we saw
on Friday with the rare earths the sort
of the beginning of this renewed tension
what we thought was just going to be a
quick resolution looks like it's
actually spilling into many different
sectors. So there's this kind of thought
I think right now from from investors
that it's like we want to carefully buy
the dip which is which is good but also
hey valuations are really high. you've
seen um all of these gauges and all
these stocks kind of, you know, hit
multi-year highs. Alibaba doubling this
year. There is some room for taking
money off the table. So, I think there
people are trying to look for pockets of
of value still and and for places that
are still good entry points, but there
is lots of jitters and that means big
swings up and down.
>> How about on the longer term horizon?
Obviously, we have that November 1st
deadline for uh the tariffs and Trump
and there's been a lot more amplified
noise coming from both sides and
different moves. retaliation from China,
now retaliation, at least a promised
retaliation from Trump. And then you
also even further out, you have the next
uh five-year plan coming from China that
could possibly boost uh sentiment for
stimulus.
>> Absolutely. I think that the the the
next plenum that that's expected to
start on Monday, that's really going to
be where people are kind of turning
their attention, right? Especially with
the this this this the renewed conflict
that's happening right before that.
There's a lot of expectation going into
this that they're going to see some
extra stimulus. That's going to be the
support that's needed. So, one, if if we
don't see that, I think there's going to
be a lot more downside than upside. And
and also two, I think that what we've at
least understand the way that people are
placing their bets right now is that
we're not going to see that kind of
repeat from April because they people
have seen the the the how the game is
played and so therefore they think that
this is just a lot of more jockeying to
come.
>> Yeah. Building leverage, right, ahead of
a possible meeting between she and
Trump. All right, Bloomberg's Katherine
Nye there to the latest on trade
tensions. President Trump says he might
stop buying or the US might stop buying
Chinese cooking oil as retaliation
against Beijing's refusal to take
American soybeans, which he calls an
economically hostile act. In a post on
social media, as we just talked about,
Trump said the US can produce its own
cooking oil. Yeah. And that follows
China's move on Tuesday sanctioning the
US units of a South Korean shipping
giant. Let's get the latest from our
team and bring in uh Derek Wallbank, our
senior editor out of San Francisco. John
Leo is with us as well, our executive
editor of course here in Hong Kong.
Derrick, let me start with you. What do
we know about these latest this latest
announcement specifically uh coming out
of Donald Trump?
Well, look, David, I think that what you
have to read for all of these
announcements is the idea that the US
and China are both sort of ratcheting up
uh pressure in small and reversible
ways, right? um in in immediate things.
These are not the world's, you know,
these are not things that will end a
relationship, but they both do increase
uh tensions ahead of this likely
showdown meeting between Trump and she
on the sidelines of the apex summit in
South Korea here. Donald Trump uh
suggesting that the US uh could stop the
importation of uh cooking oil. um he is
particularly upset about the soybeans
thing that that is not just a commodity
play. I think it's really important uh
for viewers in Asia to understand that
is not just a commodity play. That is a
play directly at Donald Trump's own
political base. Farmers went heavily for
him in every single presidential
campaign that he's run and he feels a
certain political indebtedness to them.
Uh this move by China has been seen by
the White House as an attack on Trump's
own supporters. Um and they are trying
to respond in kind. This is again not a
not a relationship ending sort of
threat, but the US was a top destination
for these exports. Um and and in 2024
imported more of this than ever. So this
is also not a small step, but we've seen
quite a lot of these leading into this
into this uh relationship even as we
still see the US trade representative
Jame Greer and others say that they
think that this will all work out in the
end. Let's see
>> team just hang on a sec. Let me just
mark this very quickly and not that this
is news but I mean yeah we are looking
at a new high here on gold prices on the
back really of these uncertainties and
tensions around trade and of course what
the Fed is al has also signaled
overnight. So we're looking at gold
futures now just a hair uh of the 4200
level. Gold spot of course is also
within uh shooting distance of that
specific level. Just to also mention
here before I bring Steve back in, uh,
Goldman Sachs recently had a 4,800
target on gold. Sockchen came out, I
think it was yesterday or two days ago,
and upped that to 5,000 as far as their
projection for Goldman Sachs,
>> wasn't it? Jamie Diamond who said it was
semi-rational to be adding gold.
>> Yes. Yeah. Right.
>> Okay, there we go.
>> Let's get let's bring back our panelists
and John Leu up in Beijing or is he?
He's here in Hong Kong, I believe. China
announcing obviously John uh sanctions
related to shipping and US units of
Hanwa shipping the South Korean giant.
How big of an impact will this move
have? We know it had impact on the
markets yesterday and then Trump
countered with this cooking oil move. Uh
how do you read this?
I I think the markets reacted the way
they did because it was an unexpected
ratcheting up of the posturing that
we've been getting ahead of these
meetings at APEC and uh South Korea. The
I think the actual implications are a
little hard to see at the moment. There
is not that much ship building that
happens in the US. These five entities
uh that were sanctioned by China, these
are all entities trying to help the US
be able to build more ships to add that
capacity. slowing that down. Now, I
don't think that will affect the outlook
for the supply of ships or the the trend
in shipping around the world, but but it
does again emphasize to markets
everywhere that that we have a danger of
things getting a lot worse before they
get better.
>> Yeah. Hey, Derek, let's get back to you.
You know, I just mentioned some of the
comments from Jamie Diamond who
mentioned about gold, but he also talked
about some of the credit risks in the
United States, and he essentially
brought up the old cockroach analogy. If
you see one, there probably many others.
Uh, is he really ringing the alarm bells
about a potential semirrisis?
>> Well, I think that uh, you know, this is
one of those things where, you know,
John said John said it right and you
could make it in a lot of context,
right? It might get a little worse
before it gets better. You have seen
with gold and with some other things a
little sort of move towards a hedge
trade. At the same point, I would also
note that markets are not necessarily
positioning themselves for worst case
scenario. You know, if I take this back
to the US China analogy here, um, you
know, we do have threats of 100%
additional tariffs on every China export
to the United States. that would put
levels of the of the US China tariff at
levels that we saw earlier this year
that were that were that people were
warning were effectively uh you know
sort of like a breakup in in trade
between the two and from which both
economies uh swiftly said actually we
need to go deescalate this immediately.
So, you know, if you look at that and
you say, okay, that's sort of on the
horizon as a worst case scenario. Where
do you look through the market and find
people betting that way? You really
don't right now. Um, so, so I think, you
know, I think John's exactly right when
he says, you know, that there are a lot
of steps here where you're seeing things
get a little bit worse before it gets
better, but you're also at the same time
seeing kind of on the largest possible
side a a a general market consensus that
it's going to get better before it gets
a lot worse. If that sort of makes
sense.
>> Jent, thank you so much. Our team there,
Derek Wallbank and John Leo just cutting
down to the open of trade here in Hong
Kong in Shanghai. Shenzhen futures are
pointing to a bounce. We did get a
bounce this time yesterday. Quickly
peted out into the close yesterday. So
we'll see how long these gains last.
Currently though 410 to 1% 15 minutes
away the opening bell. This is the China
show. Good morning.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. So, for the third
time this week, punchy fix out of the
PBOC. This one actually crossing the 710
first midpoint below the 7.1 handle. uh
if you go back almost a year, so the
first week of November of 2024 was the
last time we got a sub 10 710 fix here.
So markets reacting as you can see.
We'll we'll see what this means of
course going into I guess more trade
talks and the data that's coming out in
terms of the inflation print in about 12
minutes from now. Uh let's bring in Ken
Wong, Asian equity portfolio specialist
at Espring Investments. Ken, good
morning. Nice to see you, mate.
>> Morning.
>> Um we've seen a pullback this week.
Quite a quite quite a big one. expected
when you buy this dip. Where do we go
from here short term?
>> Yeah, it's widely expected. The fact is
that when HSI was close to 27,000, I
think a lot of investors were kind of
saying, "Hey, you know, let's take a
step back. Let's see where we're at."
Fact is is that we have Q3 earnings
coming out over the next few weeks. So,
we know specifically where numbers are.
And then more importantly, I think when
you look at sort of especially around
the tech sector, the whole AI ecosystem,
it's gone up quite a bit. And so that's
why I think this was an opportunity for
investors to really take some profit and
then wait to see what happens next.
>> Yeah. Where are we at then right now as
far as that dip? It does it sort of end
now as the rest of the region kind of
looks at the Fed and say, "Hey, we might
get a couple of cuts."
>> No, I think bit of sector rotation. I
mean, for us in particular, when we're
bottom up stock picking right now, we're
looking at potentially some sector
rotations going back into some of the
sectors that has underperformed. If you
look at in particular, look at
financials. financials especially
Chinese financials have underperformed
quite a bit over the past few days we
have started to see quite a bit of
interest amongst Chinese financial names
again so there is a bit of sector
rotation right now to go back into some
of the underperformers and then of
course wait over the next few weeks to
see whether or not you know there's
going to be more progress in terms of
what a deal potentially might be or you
know with she and Trump potentially
meeting that could potentially lead to
some you know better prospects as well.
So there's going to be a lot of things,
you know, that's going to be going on in
the next few weeks and we definitely are
going to be monitoring quite closely.
>> Is it is it worth I mean you you
mentioned rotation and not simply
exiting the market. My question is the
next two weeks you have
>> not just the tree the sham uh the tree
sh Trump meeting uh we have the Fed, you
have the BOJ, the ECB, the Bank of
Canada and then I mean that's quite a
Halloween
>> correct
>> for for markets to look. So I guess is
it worth adding a lot of risk within the
next two weeks?
>> Bit of wait and see, right? And then you
also have China's, you know, sort of
discussions around the new 5-year plan,
right? So that's going to be a very
important aspect as well. And so there's
going to be a lot of things happening
over the next few weeks which are going
to be very important.
>> So are hopes being built too much into
the fact that that 5-year plan could
give signals of stimulus? What if they
don't?
>> Again, a lot of times these things don't
happen immediately, right? As you know,
you know, we do need to wait. And so as
a I think it's going to be important to
see you know even prior to that what
potential policy you know sort of boost
we might actually get from China which
could help and I think this is actually
what the markets are waiting to see you
know
>> but I think it's a lot of it is going to
have to do with how the tone is set with
a she summit
>> potent yes and then also is the national
team going to be actually going to start
buying again so there's a lot of these
actually going to come into play and so
that's why I think a lot of investors
right now are waiting to see because
everyone was assuming that sort we're
heading into the fourth quarter you
know, and now we're heading towards the
end of the year. Specifically, where are
going to be further potential policy
support from the Chinese government?
Where are potentially going to be, you
know, sort of more stimulus to help the
markets? And I think a lot of investors
are waiting for that at the moment.
>> You mentioned we're moving into earning
season. I think we just had a US bank,
some of them, of course, overnight. Any
specific theme that you're looking out
for uh that might give us, I guess,
justify valuations and
>> guidance into 2026. So the fact is is
that we're already kind of couple more
months and we're towards the end of the
year. I think it's going to be very
important to see, you know, sort of
where are we heading, you know, as we
approach 2026. Are we going to see
potentially increases in capex, which is
going to be important, right? The fact
is is that we haven't AI aside, right?
The fact is is that we want to see
further push up on capex
outside AI. outside AI. The fact is is
that a again AI we're seeing obviously
quite a bit and the whole ecosystem has
been a quite a bit big benefactor but
other sectors you know are we able to
potentially see you know further push up
in capex which those are going to be
important aspects and that's why we're
very closely monitoring in terms of
guidance as to kind of what's likely to
happen in 2026.
>> Now you're an equity strategist but on
the currency markets if you're seeing
this appreciation as kind of guiding
that forward how does that play in?
>> Currency appreciation actually does help
a bit. The fact is is I think China is
still very much in a tight narrow band.
The fact is is that with the stronger
REMBB, the fact is is that potentially
you might see a bit less capital outflow
with the stronger REMB, you know, the
fact is is that more investors might
actually want to keep their money
onshore as opposed to having it
offshore. You know, we've seen when the
remn is weak, it doesn't really help the
onshore markets. And we've seen also as
well is that the onshore markets have
still underperformed relative to some of
the other markets. And the fact is is
that with the stronger remedy that does
potentially help, you know, potentially
keep some of that capital within China
and that could help, you know, sort of
overall capital markets in the near to
medium future.
>> Ken, I want to get your thoughts on this
debasement trade. Gold isn't a good
example of that. Is is that a good or a
bad thing or is that neutral for equity
strategies?
>> A lot of the markets are at all-time
highs, right? And the fact is that when
you look at valuations, they're very
high across the board, you know, whether
it be in North America, Europe, and some
of the markets here in Asia are at
all-time highs. That's why the share not
only gold, silver, right? Platinum has
also been you know key commodity assets
that a lot of investors are looking
into. So what we're seeing is that you
know investors are taking a bit more of
a way and say hey you know you know
let's take a step back let's you know
given where we are valuation wise given
where we are market levelwise let's look
at potentially some alternatives as a
way to potentially hedge some of the
exposures that investors might have
right now in the marketplace. And again,
you know, the rise that we've seen in
gold and silver, you know, has been
tremendous. And I don't think anyone in
the beginning of this year would have
told you that, you know, we're going to
see 40, 50, 60% rises in, you know,
gold, silver prices. I don't think
anyone predicted that. But this is where
we are right now. But it's there seems
to be still a bit more room because of
some of this uncertainty that's still
right now in the marketplace with a
couple of valuations.
>> There we go. A truly golden moment, a
fresh record there. Gold futures. Ken,
nice to see you the team for us. Have a
nice day. It's a great day outside. at
Ken Wong, their Asian uh equity
portfolio specialist at Espring
Investments. Uh we're going into the
open today. Hanging index on your
screens very shortly. The strongest
fixing in about 11 months or so out of
the PBSC. Plenty more ahead. This is the
China show.
[Music]
And welcome back to the China show. We
are awaiting September inflation or
should I say deflation data coming out
of China. CPI expected to be uh def in a
deflationary trend for a second
consecutive month in September, but it's
moderating and also we're likely to see
fairly flat inflation on a
month-over-month basis. Is that PPI
continue persistent deflation? Uh Dave,
this will be the 36th consecutive month
of factory gate deflation. If I do my
math correctly, 36 months is three
consecutive years.
>> Yeah, but Grand Theft Auto is still not
out yet. Certainly more than that. But
yes, I will look at this as options
coming out. They're talking about the
I'm looking at food prices specifically
on the back of this. The open is next.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
And welcome back. You are of course
watching the China show and the China
markets about to open. We're counting
down to the open of those markets in
China. Inflation data also coming up
momentarily. Dave? Yep. Uh we'll see
what that looks like. Broad expectations
are a slight relative improvement from
the previous month. We'll see what the
month number looks like. We'll see what
food prices look like as well. uh given
the recent conversations around
progress, mini progress around um uh
anti-involution. Uh so we'll find out
the numbers in about 15 seconds. So I
also just want to mention before we get
to those numbers in the open. I have 10
seconds to do this. The PBOC is coming
out in ring ring fencing sentiment with
the strongest fix in about 11 months or
so ahead and amidst of course the trade
reemerging trade tensions. Two seconds
away the opening bell, two seconds away
from the inflation print coming out. I
have my screens up. Mainland markets are
coming online a tenth of 1% to the
upside there. We're also looking at
Shenzhen down well up about a third of
1%. Uh let me just have a look at my
screen not yet. Okay. So the page please
have a look at where we are as far as
Hong Kong the open there is concerned.
>> We got the numbers.
>> Oh here we are. Uh okay. Um Steve you
want to take Yeah, sure. Go ahead.
>> So again CPI
deflation 0.3%.
We're expecting a consensus survey of
0.2%. So it's a slightly better than the
previous month. So we're talking
September numbers. August was down
4/10en of 1%. So it's it's a slight
improvement if you will, but still in
deflation for CPI. Uh with our next
guest, we'll talk a little bit what the
reasons why and and food inflation and
the like. But factory gate deflation
persists smack in line with the survey
of down 2.3% uh following the previous
2.9%. So three straight years of factory
gate deflation.
>> Yeah. Okay. Let's get instant reaction.
Uh and joining us here on set out of
sock genen is way APAC head of research
and chief economist there. Uh so yeah
Steve was pointing out nice to see you
by the way good morning -2.3 on PPI
negative -3.3 on on CPI just your
initial take without obviously having
the benefit of looking at the underneath
the hood here
>> right so it's it just shows how
entrenched the deflationary pressure is
still there right you can see the system
is stabilizing with different policies
especially on the PPI the anti-evolution
is reflationary policy but it's a very
selective very slow um reflation policy
So uh and it's it's fighting against all
the downward force uh still from coming
from the housing, still coming from the
weaker consumption and still coming from
potentially even weaker exports. So I
think you know this is not is is
somewhat still expected. Yeah.
>> So where when you drill down into the
news and the numbers after you leave the
studio here, what are you going to be
looking at? Are you going to be looking
at the energy prices and food? obviously
that are normal drivers of this uh
indicator but what what's going to be
standing out for you? Well, I I think
you know the the food is is a critical
uh component actually you could see
downward pressure deflationary forces
even in food but also I guess you know
for CPI what's also equally important is
the the core right the service part
because now we know that you know the
goods deflationary probably going to
persist for some time um because of the
excess supply almost everywhere then the
question is can China find another
engine of demand and uh you know push
for service up which will be very
critical for the labor market wage.
>> The you mentioned anti-involution
selective focus do you see them broad
being able to broaden that out and I if
so in what form could that come?
>> Yeah. So if we're talking about
anti-evolution in terms of the supply
side measures right talking about
cutting capacity this kind of measure
actually is not really good for the
growth in the near term right so this is
why they have to be selective they have
to choose the battles
>> they can't just do it every sector and
go for it unless they're also willing to
do a big demand stimulus at the same
time right so given you know their big
constraint on the I don't know it's a
self constraint on this on the demand
stimul stimulus. They also cannot do too
fast uh supply side reform. So
unfortunately, it's just limited.
>> How much of a priority do you think it
will be as the top officials meet in
Beijing and come up with the next 5-year
plan? How much how high on the agenda is
anti-involution as well as the
consistent persistent deflation?
>> Yeah, I definitely think it's a very
going to be a very critical topic for
them. Um I think you know there are many
reasons to worry about deflation as a
political regime right but the big one
is actually you're going to run out of
fiscal resources you can't have uh local
government running out of uh you know
resources to manage the economy and the
and the country and the political
machine. So uh so I I think you know the
the question in the five-year plan will
be how they balance between the
anti-evolution with the continuous drive
for innovation technology right so I
think you know my focus will be you know
how they rephrase you know the pre
approach for innovation and technology
as in okay we need to be more selective
rather than you know going for just
capacity expansion
>> the I want to get your thoughts on so it
looks like the two presidents are still
going to to meet Um obviously we don't
know what they'll be able to agree on
but in terms of economic backs stops or
insurance policies what further stimulus
you think is being prepared if any in
the event things don't go that way
>> right so just look at what we have got
right so what we have got is more more
investment actually recently the the
from the policy bank uh funding
>> uh it shows that they're still much
better at investment than consumption uh
what we're still missing and been
waiting for is more consumption. Right.
Right.
>> So I guess if we do have further uh
deceleration or deterioration in the
relationship then yeah consumption will
be the cause they have to play at least
>> bit more
>> but they need more right because they've
done uh some rebates they've done some
obviously tradein programs with white
goods. Um but again I think households
are still despite some of these moves by
the government holding on and waiting it
out. You don't want to catch that
falling knife if prices continue to go
down.
>> Yeah. I mean it's very understandable. I
mean the big one is the job market is
not doing well, right? So would how
would anyone you know just open the
wallet and spend a lot. The subsidies
are good. Uh people like discounts.
Sure. Um but even even the discounts
it's so limited in terms of scope. They
can definitely widen the scope and I
hope I hope it's going to be widened to
services at some point because you you
look at all the traveling data people do
want to go out experience, right? maybe
not so so much buying goods anymore.
It's also shifting consumption pattern.
So I think you know all these kind of
measure will come one day. Yeah.
>> Well part of services is property as
well. What so what what are they g what
can they do to put continued floor on
the property
>> for people? Well the property is a bit
unfortunate topic. It seems that they're
sort of half giving up on that. Um it it
seems that you know the property is at
least for a lot of cities is just
waiting for the bottom. Um, but for the
big city, I do think, you know, given
the supply demand balance is actually
better, uh, we're not too far from that
bottom.
>> Can they lean on the exports pillar
because the recent trade numbers look
decently good?
>> Yeah.
>> Um, can are we underappreciating the,
you know, the growth that comes from
exports even further?
>> We do think that the export strength is
not just from trans shipping or just
changing the trade direct destination.
It is actually a very big part is
actually China because China is part of
the electronics and computer supply
chain right that fuse into the AI boom
>> right so this part of demand may
continue to be strong so I actually
we're not so worried about exports it
will be slow down but it's not going to
be falling off a cliff
>> um but I don't think the policy maker
can lean further against it it's because
ultimated demand is up not up to them
>> the AI trade is an interesting one in
China every time I'm there and I'll be
back there in China and Beijing on
Friday. Uh it's the officials are
continually talking about AI. Are they
really hitching their wagon to the
future innovation that is going to come
and that kind of um investment going
towards uh the unforeseen future of AI
as opposed to really correcting the
fundamentals of the old economy whether
that's the manufacturing of EVs that
we've seen the race to the bottom there
and in other sectors. Well, I I think AI
is going to be positive for growth and
productivity here. I think that's that's
like everyone kind of recognize it. They
recognize it. Of course, then you would
worry about labor market at some point
how they can create more jobs even given
that it's already a problem. But but
>> that's the unintended consequence.
>> Yeah, that's the unintended consequence.
But from the perspective of the Chinese
policy maker is that we we first need to
get that we can, you know, we need to be
in this race. We need to be, you know,
at the top of this race. Then we will
see what happens.
>> Yeah.
>> How are you? I'm going to ask you a
markets question, but I'm curious how
you're looking at it from an economist
perspective because well, that's it. You
know, when you look at the bullish
sentiment, what what do you think of?
>> Well, I think it's one
related to the all these AI story. Okay.
Right. Uh China is uh maybe only second
to the US on this. So, it you don't see
anywhere else right now, you know, in
this race very strongly. And second uh
it is I think it's still believe there
you know the policy makers will do the
right thing before too late will step up
on the policy which we also believe you
know because it's really something they
have to do they can't afford to see
economy slowing too much
>> so it's the policy plus the technology
story then plus the selective story in
terms of the anti-evolution you know
different impact on different sectors
yeah
>> how do you see November 1st as a
possible real turning point that's when
tariffs would possibly go back to their
high numbers. The truce ends if this
rhetoric that we're hearing of late uh
from the Chinese and from the White
House about finding certain leverage for
any potential trade deal. What if it all
falls apart?
Well, the first f first we don't we
think the chance of falling apart is is
is not uh is not the main scenario
because you know the logic behind the
whole thing is that the high tariff
didn't work very well in terms of you
know pushing China back on certain
things and why would you expect it to
work the second time. Yeah.
>> Right. And the the other thing is that
yes, as as you pointed out, they all
want to have something to prevent the
worst. But if you look at, you know, in
terms of the trade, the leverage the US
has on China, US demand is only less
than 10% of China's exports now, right?
So it's actually even a smaller
leverage. So I I
>> is there leverage from an economic
perspective?
>> Well, you can always say yes, right? But
then we discussed as in okay China is
slowing down but they haven't they
haven't done any very big demand size
stimulus right so they're holding the
cards so in a way you know from the
Beijing's perspective you know we don't
have that much to fear here
>> so yeah let's see
>> okay well Halloween's coming up that's
>> I'm the grim reaper here
>> there we go uh waya thank you so much
way the head of research and uh chief
economist at APAC at at SoftGen there
okay uh a couple of movers to tell you
about we're about 10 minutes into the
session here. This one of course
substantially higher. Uh relatively
smallish uh listing today. Substantial
gains though as you can see 154% to the
to the upside. It certainly helps that
it is of course in a sector that has
done extremely well which is bioarma as
well here uh in Hong Kong. Uh from uh
that let's have a look at cooking oil
related stocks. Any reaction there? No,
not re not much reaction. Eh high carry
arowana of course is one of the big
ones. they're listed on shore. And of
course, the other big news and we'll
find out what the reaction will be in
Vietnamese markets later on is really
this um our I believe our scoop here
that Apple is looking to build I think
three devices now uh in Vietnam and BYD
is one of the partners there as a final
assembly I believe at that conference.
>> This is a very interesting story to come
out right now especially as Tim Cook is
in China right now right uh and uh
sizing up that market right now. Apple
pivoting further. We're going to talk
about this when we come back from the
break. Uh pivoting further away from
China with plans to make more devices in
Vietnam, some in partnership with BYD.
Details on that exclusive report coming
up next. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. We are seeing uh
bounce
opening minutes not a lot not not
certainly completely to not to reverse
completely the losses yesterday but
certainly we have pulled back from the
edge particularly when you look at
hangen china index which got extremely
close to entering a technical correction
certainly by the looks of it today that
doesn't seem like it's could happen. Uh
consumer prices come out came out
slightly worse than expectations there
but yeah we can get to all of this a bit
later on as well.
All right, let's uh check out some of
these um movers. BYD is obviously in
focus as we just talked about. Uh
they're going to possibly be be uh
making some of those Apple products in
Vietnam as a pivot away from China. U
Bloomberg learned that Apple is
preparing to expand manufacturing in
Vietnam as part of its push into the
smart home market. Some of these other
stocks here, you're looking at Tenma
Micro Electronics. They're a lowcost LCD
panel maker or supplier. Um, and they
could be part of this equation as well
rather than Apple's latest display
technology. Apparently, these devices in
Vietnam would use these lowerc cost LCD
panels supplied by TNA. That's why we're
looking at that. It's up about a tenth
of 1%. For more, let's bring in
Bloomberg tech reporter Newly Pernell.
So, bring us up to date and up to speed
on this story. Is this a seismic shift
or just a part of a longerterm trend to
diversify away from China?
>> Yeah, a great scoop by our colleague
Mark German. He's reported earlier that
Apple's working on these three new uh
devices for the home. The first time
they've created a device like this.
We've got um a security camera, um a
home hub, and a tabletop robot. And
interestingly, uh he's reporting we're
going to make them all in Vietnam. uh
this would be the first time that they
have made a new product in a new
category outside of China. Usually they
make them first in China and then they
expand operations to other countries. Um
and interestingly the partner BYYD of
course the Chinese EV maker. Um I think
it really underscores the um the
importance of of Vietnam. Uh Apple has
already been making other products there
but of course it is part of this larger
strategy. Yes. to shift their production
uh for geopolitical risk, for supply
chain issues, tariffs away from China to
other countries, India notably, uh
Vietnam, Malaysia, but interesting here
details on on these products being made
in in Vietnam and with BYD.
>> The do we expect the trend to continue?
>> I think so. Um and I think that it it
makes sense. Um of course, these new
products wouldn't be immune as the
current regime stands uh from tariffs.
They'd still be hit with tariffs. I
think it's also really interesting to
look at the bigger picture for Apple.
You know, they um are really would love
to ignite u new investor new in investor
and consumer enthusiasm in their
products. You know, they've they faced
some very high-profile challenges when
it comes to getting on the AHI bandwagon
um with Apple intelligence and other
services. Um people have been wondering
how are they going to incorporate uh
some of these new technology into their
products. These would be the first time
as I said first time making these new
kinds of products and can it can it
bring some of their mojo back? Can it
can it reignite consumers? Of course
they have the new iPhone but they face
challenges all over the world for
smartphones but can they get into these
exciting new products and what will
consumers reactions to that be? So
high-profile uh new launches.
>> Yeah. One of the three devices there is
Steve was pointing out earlier an
advanced tabletop robot
>> with an arm.
>> Yeah. With a retractable arm. What
what's it supposed to do? So I think
>> grab your food.
>> So I think the idea is um if you think
of like the home uh home hub, so if you
think maybe like a 7 in by uh 7 in um
display um the idea is it could be on
this articulated arm that could sort of
follow you on. So you could do a
FaceTime call or you could use it maybe
to control, you know, home appliances
perhaps, play music, uh movies, that
sort of thing. So um so yeah, try not to
think of it in a dystopian way. I would
suggest
>> I think of everything in a dystopian
way. the wrong person to talk to.
>> There we go. Julie Fernel there putting
some ideas in her head, our tech
reporter there. Okay, let's let's take
it back now to uh markets. Kathy
Financial, okay, says it plans to
gradually mandate um all of its 220
billion US dollars in assets from its
life insurance unit to its securities
investment trust trust. That's as the
Taiwanese regulator encourages financial
institutions to move assets. Uh the
Cathy president spoke exclusively to our
co-anchor Ivon man at their asset
management summit taking place in
Taipei.
>> We are very excited about the this
project because uh you can see Cass
financial holding from the beginning. We
utilize we call dual engine strategy for
the group structure but we feel suppose
we can transfer to be a three engine
structure uh including banking insurance
and SMN that should be very very good uh
we will take this time uh try to uh
transfer the the the group structure so
we put a lot of efforts try to build the
cass site
as a SM platform so so this time The uh
FSC not only uh encourage a financial
institution to develop private banking
business, family office business, they
also encourage a life insurance company
to move their assets and professionals
to site.
>> So how how much do you think it could
grow in terms of aum
>> what targets are you set now? So far the
cass site is a around2 trillion ent
dollars supposed to cross around 6 to8
trillion ent dollars from cas life and
professional suddenly the cass site
would become a sizable site in the in
the in the in the region. So we try to
we try to make cass site be stronger and
bigger and they are stronger enough to
manage the local and third local
international third party assets. This
is the very very very exciting moment
for CAS financial holding.
>> Yeah, it it's it certainly has its
potential, right? But also Taiwan does
have its sort of hurdles that it has to
overcome.
>> I mean, for one thing, there's higher
taxes here.
>> There are capital controls around the
Taiwan dollar.
>> Uh also, there is geopolitical
uncertainty with China as well. Do you
think this project counteracts some of
those challenges? Well actually for the
tax for the uh currency control uh
somehow this is weakness for Taiwan for
the geopolitical
bricks somehow uh some some investor
will have concern but I think this time
the most important thing is the
deregulation.
So through the regation you can see we
had lot of new business we can do those
business actually we we try to do but we
cannot do in before but this time those
deation would help help a lot you can
see so many local and uh and and
international business in Taiwan they
try to set up operation in the gausong
special so suppose there's no
attractiveness why so many financial
institution rush into the gawong
financial
super special alone. So, so I think that
you can you can imagine
>> the government tried to develop the
asset management center for more than 20
years.
>> Yeah.
>> But we haven't achieved it. That's you
mentioned.
>> Yeah.
>> Several issues we have we we we still
facing today. But I think this time
because the FSC is very uh proactive
>> right
>> and also encourage all the financial
participate. And I think at least
financial supervisor commission had
earned the confidence and and the
admission from the financial institution
and public
>> and that was cafe a financial holdings
president Chong Khan Lee speaking to
Ivon man exclusively in Taipei. Now if
you're a subscriber and want to rewatch
that interview you can via our
interactive TV function TV go. You can
also become part of the conversation by
sending us instant messages. Do so. This
is Bloomberg. We'll be right back.
[Music]
And welcome back to the China Show. Some
corporate stories we're tracking today.
Autonomous driving firms Pony AI and
Wide have secured approval from China's
securities regulator to list shares in
Hong Kong. Each company can list about
102 million shares. Both are ready to be
listed in the US, but join a growing
group of Chinese companies seeking
secondary listings here in Hong Kong,
which is on track to record its highest
IPO proceeds in four years. And AMD
shares rose in New York after the
company landed a major chip order from
Oracle. It says Oracle will put 50,000
of its forthcoming MI450 semiconductors
into data centers from the third quarter
of 2026. The order comes as AMD works to
become a credible alternative to Nvidia,
of course, the dominant provider of AI
processors. All right. Uh let's have a
look at the currency markets. And I
think the big event this hour was that
very very strong fix coming out of the
PBOC. It was north of 300 pips stronger
than expected. We had a fix that was as
you can see on your screens below 710
for the first time in almost a year. Uh
the currencies reacted. That's the
offshore rate. I'm looking also at the
onshore rate which we'll show you a bit
later on as well. Also seeing uh the
adjustment given that adjustment in the
bidpoint. Uh equity markets are doing
well after I think three days of losses
across the region. More in the market
story coming up next. This is the China
show.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. You're watching the
China show. We're crossing it over now
to the Cathy Asset Management Summit
taking place in Taipei where our
co-anchor Ivon Mannon is currently
moderating this conversation on well
this creatively u labeled navigating
geopolitical shifts and market
evolution. Let's listen in
>> the world. But increasingly, and you're
seeing this with what's evolving in
Japan, you've seen it with Mark Carney
in Canada, you see it with Kier, not
with Kristarma, but you see it on the
continent. You see a lot of a
minorityled governments, which makes
decision-m much more complicated.
>> Having said that, you know, we're
talking about, you were just saying how
the world is much more complex. It's
much more transactional even when you're
seeing it from you know leaders and and
governments. Le let's talk about this
balance of power seems to be really
being redefined now. You talk about the
strategic economic rivalry between the
US and China. You have this realignment
with the Middle East. Obviously the
emergence of the global south is very
quite interesting as well. And of course
more influence in these emerging market
blocks as well. How do you see this kind
of new world order evolving, John?
>> Well, we've in our last secular forum
where we look at the world over a 5-year
period, we talk about the decline of
American exceptionalism, you know, and
we do believe that.
What's interesting right now is, you
know, China has been extraordinary.
We're we're now on the 15th
five-year plan. Okay. So, China is a
very well organized economy. It's the
second largest economy in the world. And
they really, particularly now in terms
of technology and green in technology,
they're brilliant.
For the first time, you have an American
president who actually has a strategy.
He spent the previous year before
running putting in place his cabinet and
all the things he was going to do. And
whether you like it or not, and I say it
again, whether you like it or not, he's
doing everything he said he's doing. So
for the first time, you have the two
largest economies. You have two leaders,
both of whom have very strong views
about their countries, their economies,
and it's all, you know, the area that's
going to become the great tension. And
you see this with Friday's announcement
on specialty minerals because specialty
minerals, of course, is the major input
for
semiconductor chips and AI and digital.
The real conflict and the real challenge
is going to be how the two countries
work together on AI and the applications
of AI as it relates to a number of
things including the weaponization of
AI.
>> Alan, maybe you can chime in and talk a
little bit more. These structural sort
of changes that we're seeing, how do you
think that changes the fundamentals of
of capital markets?
[Music]
Right. Uh we will leave it there for
now. Of course, that was our co-anchor
Ivon man in Taipei. Cafe of course is
the uh summit that's taking place as
they navigate the shifting geopolitical
risks. Of course, we just heard there
from the Pimco vice chair. We're also
hearing from other of the panelists
there. I think my last understanding of
what they just mentioned there's the
shifting global tide. We're looking at
now four positions and the shifting uh
conversations to bigger I believe I
heard bigger government. We'll dip into
that a bit later on once we have a
better understanding what's taking place
there. Right. Uh in the meantime though
as far as markets go the a couple of
stories to tell you about. Right. So
number one is this very strong reference
rate very strong fixing coming out of
the PBOC. This is actually the fixing
the tracks of fixing going back to as
you can see November of last year.
Dollar China is adjusting lower. Uh it's
worth pointing out that we are coming
off the highs of the day on the Chinese
currency strength. Uh number two is gold
in the last hour in fact almost exactly
60 minutes ago hitting a fresh high here
very near as you can see 4200 that's
coming up on your screens futures and
spot. Gold plays are playing out quite
nicely. You have zujin gold you have of
course cha foc is up one of the best
performers today uh in the Hong Kong
markets 3% to the upside and broadly
speaking is really a day where we are
getting a rebound across risk assets
today we're up 1.2 too. We're looking at
the likes of Taiwan, for example, up
about 1%. Japan also as well. Uh, and
certainly worth watching today will be
the 20-year bond auction in Japan. It's
the first, I believe, longdated one that
they're going to get out. We'll see what
demand looks like given just the the
uncertainty over uh who eventually will
u take the majority there as far as the
uh Japanese politics are concerned. Uh
apart from that, uh we're also coming
off the inflation print about 35 minutes
ago. And I'm just looking at my stats
here, Steve.
>> Yeah.
>> Um, the headline inflation actually
coming in at.3, which was actually at
the lowest end of the forecast. Didn't
come in below the lowest end, but it was
actually towards the low end of forecast
here.
>> Yeah, I mean, there was a little bit of
food price inflation because coming from
August where prices were down 0.4%. Uh,
so it was a little bit worse than the
survey. We were expecting a little bit
more uh food price inflation uh at 0.2
two was the survey. But again, it's
pretty much confirming the trend of CPI,
deflationary trend. This is the second
consecutive month we've seen falling
prices on the consumer front. If you
look over at PPI, the factory gate
deflation, 36 consecutive months now.
That is three straight years of factory
gate deflation. And the the problem is
again uh you have falling prices in a
lot of uh price wars I should say in a
lot of key goods uh namely EVs and the
like and you just simply don't have uh
that demand from households. They're
waiting this out to see. Uh so again
household wealth is down across China
because of the property uh problems. And
again there has not been a slew a deluge
of stimulus to boost that consumer uh
support. At least it hasn't trickled
down into that uh inflationary not a big
bazooka aggregate. you are getting some
discounts, some coupons, a little bit of
of of handouts as far as to your point
right you know when you get a lot of the
consumer support that is actually if you
think about it that is counterinflation
because that does tend to drive prices
down and I think the interesting bit too
we were speaking with waya out of
sochain earlier on and right so one of
the things she mentions that there's
this on the PPI front anti-involution
right there's this tradeoff that
authorities are cognizant of right the
more you do on anti-involution the more
you take away from short-term growth,
>> right?
>> And without that backs stops your point
of demand, there doesn't seem to be
anything there that is able to then lift
the other side of the equation. Now, all
that being said, uh what is the outlook
for anti-involution campaign? What is
the outlook for inflation? Just h have a
listen to uh sochen and how she actually
phrased that the latest price numbers as
well,
>> right?
>> It just shows how entrenched the
deflation and pressure is still there,
right? You can see the system is
stabilizing with different policies
especially on the PPI the anti-evolution
is reflationary policy but it's a very
selective very slow um reflation policy
so uh and it's it's fighting against all
the downward force uh still from coming
from housing still coming from the
weaker consumption and still coming from
potentially even weaker exports so I
think you know this is not is somewhat
still expected
There we go. That was Wea who joined us
earlier here on set um out of soft chain
of course. Um and just we'll take a
short break. We'll be back in a couple
of minutes
[Music]
and welcome back. You are watching the
China show and a beautiful day in Hong
Kong today and a look at the how the
Hangen index well here is the H share
this is the HSCI
uh up about 1 and a.5% these are the of
course the eight shares mainland Chinese
shares and uh you know we we've been
testing down to the 9,000 below 9,000
level uh over the last uh couple of
sessions here but uh it hasn't been
below 9,000 uh since uh I think
September 4th so more than a month uh
and so it's it's found a little bit of a
bottom at least for the opening hour or
so of trade. Uh eight shares up, the
Hangen index also up 1.47%
uh after seven consecutive days of
closing uh down. Uh so we had lost about
7% over the last seven sessions. So I
I'm not saying Dave that we're ready to
call the bottom to this, but a little
bit of a bounce up as uh the region has
been up on expectations that we could
get uh one maybe two cuts from the Fed.
So that is boosting a little bit of
sentiment right now.
>> Yeah, he was very clear overnight uh the
Fed chair of course in his flagging of
that uh rate cut that's coming up as
well. I mean just to add to some numbers
that Steve was just pointing out there,
right? So we were very close to entering
a technical correction on the Hingen
China index. So the high that we hit was
and the low we were looking at below
that we were going to get a correction
8751 94. I think my producers are about
to show you that level at the bottom of
the screens, but that is a level to
watch to the downside. If we close below
that level, it doesn't seem we'll close
below that level today. That would put
us into a technical correction like the
Hangen Techch index entered course
yesterday. But anyway, Steve, u let's
get an update here.
>> Yeah, let's get some top global
headlines. President Trump has
threatened Hamas with retaliation if the
Gaza based group does not lay down its
arms. Trump says disarmament needs to
happen within a reasonable period.
Meanwhile, Israel says it's limiting aid
into Gaza because Hamas has yet to
return all the bodies of dead hostages,
a key part of the deal that took effect
last week. And President Trump has
signaled the $20 billion rescue package
the US is planning for Argentina may
depend on Javier Mille's success in
upcoming midterm elections. The comments
triggered fresh jitters in local assets
with currency swaps intended to help
shore up Argentina's peso and call
markets. Trump also says the two
governments plan to discuss a potential
free trade deal. And the French prime
minister Loru has offered to help
help hold off on a new law raising the
retirement age in his latest bid to
restore political stability. The offer
comes as Loru faces threats from
opposition parties to topple him in no
confidence votes on Thursday. The
opposition socialist party said it would
only back the government if the pension
law was suspended. And the IMF is
warning of dim prospects ahead for the
global economy with signs of strain from
sweeping US tariffs and protectionism.
Global growth is so far holding up
better than expected with the fund
raising its growth forecast for the year
slightly to 3.2%. It says this is
largely due to temporary factors such as
the weaker dollar and preloading ahead
of the tariffs.
The tariff shock is here and it is
further dimming already weak growth
prospects. This is clear even in the US.
Growth is revised down from last year.
The labor market is weakening and
inflation has been revised up and is
persistently above target. Signs that
the economy has been hit by a negative
supply shock.
All right. So that's the outlook as far
as the macro and growth outlook is
concerned. You know closer maybe to the
hearts of markets quite literally was is
this really this AI trade. Uh so the
latest B uh BOFA fund manager survey and
just take note of course of the dates
when that survey was collected. This was
even before most of the declines we've
seen recently and before the latest
escalation of trade tensions which was
the trigger was we are now getting a
substantially higher percentage of
respondents that think when you look at
the tech stocks as a and AI specifically
uh might be looking at prices a bit too
high in that menu. Yeah, I mean a little
bit of uh shaky ground for the MAG 7
especially uh obviously in the US and
then we saw some weakness clearly
yesterday in Hong Kong with Alibaba,
SMIC and others feeling that pressure as
well.
>> Yeah, I think Ken Wong who joined us out
of Espring earlier on did acknowledge
that you know prices can remain very
expensive for some time but all you take
all you need is a a very low trigger to
to be able to cascade that into sort of
the losses that we're seeing now. The
most crowded trades Steve was pointing
out of course long MAG7 the short dollar
story long crypto and a lot of these are
related so far the only thing at least
for today that is continuing to give and
profit if you're long is gold right we
can get to that later on but
specifically when you look at gold
prices now reaching this new record uh
about an hour back okay let's get a
sense of these markets right now where
we are on the back side equities and
everything in between Winnie Shu is with
us right now also out of Hong Kong
Winnie so we woke up today with well two
things. One was well I woke up with a
headache. Nothing to do with anything I
consume. I did not consume any alcohol
just for the record there yesterday. I
just didn't sleep well. But so I woke up
with a headache. The Hangen tech index
entering a correction underperformance
in Chinese listed US listed Chinese
equities and the Fed though giving us a
perhaps a positive offset here. Winnie,
let me start off with the Fed. What what
do those comments mean out of Jay Powell
mean for risk assets today?
Yeah. So obviously today when we're
looking at finally stocks seeing a bit
of a rebound because like you said just
yesterday it was a lot of worries around
these trade tensions and at least today
when we're seeing that oh there is that
um path of the the rate cuts to come
from the Fed that really at least ease
some tens uh ease some worries around
kind of the broader macro environment so
that there is more room for other
central banks to cut and there is more
room for these companies to grow their
corporate profits. So overall that is
helping with the risk sentiment but uh
like you said we have still these
ongoing uh US China tensions still
keeping um investors quite worried. So
it's really two sides of things. one um
buying the dips. We are seeing um
investors coming into buying some of
these Chinese stocks. But at on the
other hand, some of the investors are a
bit more cautious because how valuations
are high and how ahead of the potential
meeting between she and um and Trump,
there still might be some more
negotiations to come.
So Winnie, what I gathered from what
you're saying is this might or could be
just a temporary reprieve on the selling
in particular what we've seen in Hong
Kong selling off for the last 7 days cuz
those uh those pressures are still there
in the market. So there might be uh you
know a temporary floor when we don't
really have any particular catalyst
unless there's a massive breakthrough
really between China and the United
States.
>> Yes, exactly. So far we are still seeing
some some of that pressure there and yes
it's been three days of a sell off and
finally a bit of a rebound. Um but
overall um it it I would say the the
height or the key point here is that
volatility is really high right because
when you look at what happened in the
past two days Monday um we started off
um selling off with a bit of a rebound
in the afternoon. Yesterday we started
off in the green and then um things kind
of go to the other side going into the
red in the afternoon. So volatility of
HSI, you're looking at highest since
May. So there is a lot of these um news
here and there um kind of um dragging on
the sentiment for investors right now.
And yes, we're waiting for that catalyst
to see if there is that break big
breakthrough between us or between US
and China. But also with that fourth
plan um coming up next week is something
that investors are really looking
forward to for potential further
domestic stimulus to come. But
interestingly this time around when we
ask investors if they're shifting their
allocations based on what's going on
recently they're saying that not really
because um of that overall um how how
they are seeing actually China this time
around might have a a stronger u
negotiation um platform for them and
that they have that upper hand this time
around. So still more um optimism around
for Chinese stocks and like you
mentioned just now the uh Bank of
America survey came out with um
sentiment around Chinese stocks at its
highest since uh April 2021. So I think
that's also another uh point showing
that uh while overall you know people
are still quite cautious longer term
more positive on Chinese equities
compared to before.
>> Okay. Yeah. I mean it's a how how the
tides have really changed higher and
higher lows when you look at some of
these charts. Winnie, fantastic. Thank
you so much. Winnie Sue there, our
equities reporter just helping outline
for us the key themes in what's frankly
a very slow uh news day to be completely
upfront with you guys. Uh okay, let's
have a look at gold, shall we? So
Shandon Gold actually came out uh 9month
net income. That's the range 84 to 98%.
We're down substantially. Maybe sell on
the news. It's worth pointing out that
this the share price is actually up
240%.
Um over the last I think going back to
the lows of the last 12 months or so. So
stocks have done very well. We'll talk
about gold coming up next. The dollar
and of course this weak dollar story
we're seeing across this these markets
today.
[Music]
data.
>> Right, welcome back. We'll just take you
to some live scenes coming through out
of Taiwan where of course, as you can
see, our co-anchor Ivon Man is
moderating this
>> panel uh on stage for our Bloomberg
clients. You can continue to track that
conversation that's live on your
Bloomberg terminals. For us, of course,
we see Ivon every day. Maybe not for us.
We can see her when she's back. But yes,
for you guys, you can dip in on that, of
course, as they that conversation
evolves and progresses. There we go. All
right, let's dip into some of the
stories, other stories that we've been
following. Billionaire investor Paul
Tudtor Jones expects the NASDAQ
composite to climb higher by the end of
the year. However, he told Bloomberg
that he's nervous about the
concentration risk in US equities,
particularly around the so-called MAG 7.
My concerns are I see concentration risk
everywhere I look when now we have uh
individual investors with the highest
equity allocation they've ever had in
the history of the United States really
four times that of um the rest of the
developed world. So I get nervous about
that concentration. And I get nervous
about the fact that we have 35% of the
S&Ps now concentrating in seven stocks.
I get nervous about the fact that this
administration, even if all those
decisions were smart and correct, again,
if you just think about the number one
rule of portfolio diver of of of
portfolio management is you want
diversification. That's why our founding
fathers created us as a democracy, not a
monarchy, because you want that
contestation of ideas. So, uh I'm
nervous when I see
concentration
uh virtually in anything again, whether
it's in the stock market, whether it's
the composition of the stock market, who
owns the stock market, or the decision-
making that's getting uh made in
Washington. It makes me nervous because
I don't think in the long run, right?
What even if all the decisions that
President Trump making are great, is
that going to embolden the next
president who may not make as good a
decisions to do the same thing? So, uh I
I'm I'm I'll look I I'll look at that
and it and again it it raises caution
flags for me.
>> But you're still you're still long
stocks right now. You're still long the
NASDAQ.
>> I am. I wouldn't say I'm long at this
second. I'm clearly
again I think there's such a confluence
of possibly negative possibly positive
events. I I think I want to kind of wait
and see where we are in in a week or two
time. Uh but but my my belief is is that
we'll be sub substantially higher by the
end of the year.
>> That is Tutor Investment Corporations.
Paul Tudtor Jones speaking with
Bloomberg's Matt Miller.
>> Yeah. Higher in the NASDAQ. And it's
interesting because we can juxtapose
that with this we just talked about this
right the the the BOA fund manager
survey that do you think I think when
you look at it on aggregate things do
look expensive but the expectation is if
you ask them would you continue to buy
it they you'd probably say yes still um
not useful how that information is
certainly
>> yeah so so investors are in a holding
pattern the news flow seems to be in
invest in a holding pattern as well
right
>> yes we are we are struggling here so why
don't we have a look at FX markets why
not uh let's talk about the dollar so
this weakness we're seeing seeing today
is really quite I would say relatively
pronounced re relative to what we've
seen recently. Maybe a lot of that has
to do with this unwind. Uh in fact back
to that fund manager survey short dollar
was one of the most crowded trades out
there. We had this very very strong fix
coming out of the PBOC and coming up a
potential market event potentially is
this 20-year bond auction. Maybe it's
going to give us something to talk about
but we'll be done with shows by that
point in time. Uh so the 20-year not on
your screens. Why not? We can talk about
it later. There we go. Is uh coming up
uh in about an hour from now. 270 right
now is that yield you see on your
screens. And I think the commentary
that's come through so far is either way
the current environment does not bode
well for demand going into this auction
given this meltup in longer dated yields
in Japan given the politics there.
Steve.
>> Yeah. So there's uncertainty right now
obviously with the LDP election uh new
prime minister and just their consistent
inflationary issues.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Well, we'll see about the
new prime minister is a question there
too, right? The
>> Okay. Uh, so far the conversation around
the BOJ seems to still be intact. Um, a
lot of that I'll unpack this thought uh
on the other side of this break. We're
moving into this wall of Halloween hell
in two weeks. Plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg. Spooky.
[Music]
And welcome back. It's 11:29 a.m. in
Tokyo. Japanese markets are going on a
break in about a minute. You can see the
NIK 225 up about 1.3%. Uh the broader
topics also up by the same amount.
Overall across the region, we're seeing
uh equities higher. uh including here in
Hong Kong which is breaking a string of
seven straight days of losses. Again,
some optimism from out of the Fed, maybe
a couple of cuts coming by the end of
the year. So that's in in what has been
a a fairly u a der of of real market
moving news. The the markets are, you
know, trying to find a bottom from some
sell-offs over the last couple of days.
We also have some headlines coming
across. Japan's opposition unlikely to
reach agreement on a prime minister
today. This according to the Kyoto news
agency Kyoto citing opposition party
CDP's secretary general that the heads
of Japan's main opposition parties uh
are discussing whether they can close
policy gaps and pick a candidate to
their of their own for the new
premiership.
>> I mean the fact that we're even talking
about the opposition and the prime
minister in one sentence tells you a lot
about the tail risks coming back uh into
this market. I guess next day to watch
on your screens is the 21st. That's
according to FNN of course at next
extraordinary diet which is perhaps a
different conversation there. Now all
that being said I promised you guys a
few minutes back that I'm going to be
talking about and ranting about
Halloween. So So here's the thing right
so in about two weeks time there's this
48 hour
maybe even closer to 72hour window of
Halloween hell that we're slamming into.
So, we're going into October 28, 29,30,
and obviously Halloween. You have a Fed
decision, a Bank of Japan decision, ECB,
Bank of Canada. Within those between
those meetings, Steve of course and the
crew will be headed
>> to Korea for this massive conversation.
Hopefully, that will bear fruit in terms
of a deal. So, we don't know what's
going to happen. potentially you could
be having Xiinping and Donald Trump
meeting on Halloween, but it looks like
it's going to be before if it's going to
happen at all, but most likely it will.
>> Yeah. Uh I think that the point that Ken
Wong was making earlier on is the next
two weeks ahead of that window uh might
lead to more vol across these markets.
Don't take that big of a risk. Wait and
see how that happens. And of course,
November 1st, Steve, I think, is when
the deadline
>> for this current truce.
>> For the current truce.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh 100% tariffs there. There we go.
We're talking cooking oil uh and
everything uh in between right now. In
any case, it's a good time to be in
these markets today. It's very quiet and
sometime we we like these pockets of
silence given the sort of news flow
we've had so far.
>> Well, silence is said to be the loudest
noise.
>> Yeah. Uh unless you have tinitus, which
I do, then of course that then becomes
your the loudest noise. Okay, you're in
my head a little bit too much guys
physically. Okay, let's let's let's talk
about rebranding. Let's talk about the
luxury segments. Let's talk about Hong
Kong. Yeah.
>> Uh you have Hong Kong based Swire Hotel.
It's preparing this uh re rebadge uh all
of its house collected properties under
Upper House. That's the brand of course
the hotel management arm of Swire
Properties also announcing plans for new
properties upcoming. You have Bangkok,
you have Tokyo, you have uh places in
mainland China. Let's get more with Dean
Winter here with us on set, managing
director at Swire Hotels joining us
exclusively to help us break this news.
Congratulations, by the way, on this
announcement that you're making.
>> Thank you so much. Good to be here. So
tell us what are you what are you guys
doing and why?
>> Well, it's so much more than a rebrand.
I think for us, you know, we've got
we've got three distinctive hotels in
the Chinese mainland, Changdu, Shanghai
and of course uh here in Hong Kong.
>> They've all got a global reputation. Um
we've we've recently been awarded, you
know, four four Michelangs recently and
uh the Upper House here of course is in
is in the top five of of the world's 50
best hotels. So there's that global
recognition that we have and as we look
ahead we've got we've got four as you
rightly say four four openings coming up
in the next in the next four years.
Three hotels and one branded residence.
So we feel it's a it's a natural
evolution for us to unify the hotels
under one under one brand Upper House
Hotels.
>> What's the real reason for it though?
Because again you do have you had the
opposite house in Beijing I believe it
is correct. You have East as well over
at Indigo Mall. So you had you had these
different brands. What's the core reason
why you feel that you should rebrand
under one upper house because you had a
different Yeah.
>> house brands?
>> Right. Right. That's correct. Well, the
East hotels are not are not changing.
They're they're still they're still
there. But the the house collective as
it's really been the drive has been
these upcoming openings. Um and the
branded residences in in in Bangkok. Um,
and as we grow, the naming convention is
frankly more straightforward if we if
it's if it's if it's called Upper House
Hotels. That's that's really what's been
driving it. And we're looking ahead
towards this expansion and and feel that
this is the right time to do it.
>> How much is it going to cost this
expansion? Have you have you secured the
money for that? What's the ROI looking
like?
>> Well, as the asset light management
company, we don't we don't carry the
cost. So So um I think our biggest cost
is time. you know, it takes a long time
to get deals signed. Uh it takes a long
time to to build and open hotels and and
we don't see revenues coming in until
the hotels open. So for us,
>> what's the timeline on those properties,
by the way?
>> So So Shenzen is our is our next
property that opens in Q2 2007.
>> That'll be the upper house Shenzen.
>> Um and then uh and then Shian is in 28
as part of a part of a much larger
retailled SW properties development. Um
and then we have a remarkable
opportunity in in Shabuya in Tokyo uh
which will open in 2029.
>> So what where is the priority then? It
looks like you're going Bangkok and
Tokyo in addition to what you just
talked about with China and you're
partnering with Norman Foster Foster
Partners as well which have the iconic
buildings around Asia. The one over my
right shoulder HSBC the Czech Blackhawk
airport the Beijing capital airport. So
Norman Foster has his fingerprints all
over Asia. is going to be doing your
building over
>> in Bangkok. That's correct. Yeah. Well,
I think to your to your point about
where we going, I think, you know, our
our strategy is very much from sort of
South Korea to Australia, that
Asia-Pacific corridor. So, so, but you
know, China, Greater China, Chinese
mainland is our is our backyard. We will
always be focused there and that's
that's why we're looking and excited
about Shenzhen and Xian. We've also got
prospects in in Guanghou and elsewhere
in Shanghai with SU properties. Um and
elsewhere in the Southeast Asian markets
of course uh are very interesting. You
Ho Chi Min, Singapore, elsewhere in
Bangkok for a possible other hotel. So
So um the region is is bright. Um and
the the Foster building in in Bangkok of
course is beautiful. It's a great
location. It's being developed by Swire
Properties and a joint venture with a
local developer. Um we're bringing our
brand and and hopefully it'll it'll
it'll uh it'll do well. How different is
it to run you know a sort of residence
asset as it you know compared to hotel
for example and why are you going into
that just just as a as a sort of
strategy perspective residence
>> well I think fundamentally it's people's
homes right so as a whereas a hotel you
know you're there for two or three days
in a branded residence it's your home
and I think that's why branded
residences have become popular because
there's a high level of trust and
integrity you know it's it's a sector
that's grown over 200% in the last 10
years and 79% of those of Those openings
were actually hospitality brands which I
think tells you a lot about where
hospitality brings value and
aspirational value frankly to those. So
but it's very different to a hotel and
it's people's homes. There's a whole
there's a whole immunity program which
goes alongside it and a whole curation
of events and so on. Residents will get
access to other privileges across the
group too. So so we we we we've we put
together an exciting um portfolio and um
proposition for for those buyers. What
opportunity does this rebadge give you
as far as capitalizing on the trends
that are happening right now in
particular in mainland China? We knew
know we do know as people hold on to
their their purchase a little tighter
they're going for more
experienceoriented stays in hotels. So
so how does that translate on the
mainland to repar revenue per available
room and how you redesign your your
offerings?
>> Yeah. So, so we've really saw during
COVID how how um aspirational travelers
in the Chinese mainland were looking for
different types of experiences away from
the popular international brands and
people looked for experiences like we
offered in in Changdu at the Temper
House which is a you know remarkable
property and that's continued for sure
and to your point about Repar um it's we
we've seen demand for for for rooms grow
both in the Chinese mainland as well as
here in in Hong Kong um the cadence of
average rate is not as good um I think
there is there is there's the
sensitivity around willingness to pay.
It's a bias market at the end of the day
and but we've seen demand over last year
for room nights uh which is encouraging
and we expect that to continue into
2026.
>> The I was I was going to ask you and I'm
glad you brought up it slightly. I
wonder if you could elaborate on that as
well. Like at your price point is there
actually weakness coming through as far
as consumption or willingness to consume
share of pocket all those all those
things?
>> Yeah, I think I think probably most
recently seen during golden week. I
mean, it was a remarkable seven days for
Hong Kong and a remarkable period for
Chinese tourism as a whole.
>> Um, I think it's fair to say that the
luxury sector probably didn't do as well
as the other hotels in the city and the
retail sector. I think there is to your
point some sensitivity about willingness
to spend, right?
>> Um, and um, but I think I think that
going into next year, we we are starting
to see at this time of the year, which
is traditionally big season, we are
seeing rates grow again, which is
encouraging, and we'll see that go into
into January. Um, so yeah, we're
optimistic about about certainly about
occupancy and according to demand, we'll
have to adjust rates accordingly.
>> Okay. I was going to I was going to get
to that as well. Has it gotten to a
point where you need to be more
deliberate around pricing strategies?
>> Absolutely. Absolutely. I think I think,
you know, with we've we've at the end of
the day, we have a business to run and
it's all very well, you know, holding on
to average rate. But you've you've, you
know, o overheads are increasing. That's
that's been a fact that the industry's
been dealing with whether that be
utilities or or staffing. So margins are
margins are under pressure. So we we
have to we have to fill rooms and it's a
perishable product. We only sell it
once. That's right.
>> So so you know you can't you can't you
can't sit on your hands. Um so that's we
we I think we've been finding the sweet
spot though in terms of occupancy and
rate in the last
>> in the last year. Um and we we and now
we back ourselves you know going into
this rebranding and with the with the
recognition that we've had. Um you know
I think we're in a we're in a strong
place to to do well next year. Are you
noticing that too in FnB within your
properties?
>> FnB is a tough a tough game. Uh it's a
tougher compared
>> Yeah, I think certainly since since uh
since co you know, dining patterns have
changed.
>> Um I think it's expensive to eat out. I
think frankly speaking, you know, going
out to to eat anywhere is is is not
cheap. Um and so yeah, we've seen we've
seen um evening business um being
difficult to you know to to fill
restaurants like like we used to. um
lunch and tea and you know all all day
dining is is is very strong.
>> Okay.
>> Um we we have that's interesting. We
have and bar business is very strong. I
think certainly um that that sort of
social side of of of FnB is is
definitely strong. Um our our bar in the
upper house for example does extremely
well.
>> Um but yes, it's certainly you know FnB
um you know landlord rents are going up.
You know cost of labor is going up.
>> It's um it's your margins are being
squeezed. So then capex and investment
into restaurant fit out for accessories
>> is is is difficult. Um we are continuing
to invest in our restaurants though
through through through ownership and
and um whether that's in Shanghai or
here we you know we've got plans to do
to do more in FnB but cautiously with
with with investment.
>> One one last question in Hong Kong the I
mean we've seen the tourist flow to your
point that you just alluded to there
this last golden week. I mean you've
mentioned some of the things you're
seeing. I'm wondering what your clients
are seeing, the people that you talk to
that stay at this fantastic property you
have just a couple of hundred meters
really from where we are right now. What
is their
>> how would they describe Hong Kong now?
Is Hong Kong back?
>> It's remarkable really because I think
people that haven't been here for a
while say things like, "Well, it's never
changed." You know, it's like it's like
how how I remember it. People that are
coming for the first time are saying,
"My goodness, this is a remarkable city.
You know, I should have come 10 years
ago."
>> So overall, David, it's definitely
positive. I think that that the events
that are happening in town of course
have have really made headlines and and
and the infrastructure the facilities
that the city offers um is is only going
to make
>> sort of better tension more what we call
red dates when we can hopefully sell out
a bit more. Um so I think I think the
future looks bright and our customers
are telling us that it's a you know
dynamic city and you Temple Street
Market's been rejuvenated. You know,
shopping's still a big thing here. So um
that's definitely positive.
>> Fantastic. Yeah, Steve and I were just
talking about No, we weren't talking
about it. Black Black Pink is coming,
right, Steve?
>> January.
>> There. Oh, there we go. Dean, there we
go. Black Pink.
>> According to my daughter, they're
coming.
>> Your daughter put it to my kids, too.
>> There we go. Are they staying? Oh, no.
No. We can talk about that later.
They're staying at at offer house. Dean
Winter, fantastic. Thank you so much.
>> Managing director at Swire uh Hotels.
You can get an insiders guide. And I
think we talked about this on the
newsletter. Uh Blackpink dates. Speaking
of red dates, black pink dates are I
want to watch certainly. Uh our insiders
guide to the money and people shaking up
the finance hub here in our Hong Kong
edition newsletter. It's out every
Thursday. So that is what day is it?
What? Tomorrow. It's coming out
tomorrow. Okay. You can sign up via
blueber.com/newsletters.
Plenty more ahead. This is the China
show.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. So, we're
continuing to look into Asia Pacific. Of
course, we're doing quite well within
the Asia-Pacific, and this is a perfect
segue uh for this next segment. We're
looking at the Asia angle to this latest
Bank of America fund manager survey.
certainly within the Asia-Pacific.
Couple of key takeaways here. Certainly
when you look at growth in China
recovering um that's perhaps a view on
the economy. As far as market
preference, Japan still seems to be a
Japan is the favorite and then you have
Korea and then you have China and then
Taiwan. Uh Indo and Thailand remain at
the low end as far as sector exposure
goes. It's tech in Asia X Japan. when
you look at Japan which is the favorite
market the place there are banks rising
rates and of course within that really
very recently really given you some
alpha is a semis equipment plays over uh
in Japan so just some key takeaways
they're going into uh going into the
fourth well the thick of the fourth
quarter uh as things stand okay let's
have a look at FX markets right now so
the big news of course so far and it's
been a quiet news day was a fairly
strong fixing coming out of the PBOC sub
710 uh the fixing first time in about 11
months in about two weeks or so.
Bloomberg dollar index coming up on your
screen. Softer dollar is the story
today. That's perhaps also why we're
looking at gold on the way up among
other factors lifting
uh gold prices right now. 1212 right now
on the Bloomberg US dollar index. Let's
bring in David Finery, our FX and rate
strategist in Singapore for us. David,
the the the fixings coming out of the
PBOC this week have really given us
something to talk about more than
otherwise. How how should we be looking
at what the PBO is doing leaning into I
guess uncertainty when it comes to trade
tensions?
>> Yeah. Well, certainly the signal if you
look at the fix today was basically the
strongest since November last year. So
the POC is certainly saying against this
backdrop of US trade tensions which have
been escalating in the last few days.
They're certainly signaling that okay
we're in no hurry to let E1 weaken and
obviously it can trade within a band. So
the fixing just gives an idea of what
direction PBC wants it to go should we
say which what its bias is for and at
the moment uh basically you're seeing
people saying look we're in no hurry to
this currency depreciate certainly
rapidly so they're fighting against this
idea that any risk off will weaken the
yuan they're certainly trying to give
that idea look we're quite comfortable
at the moment with it basically staying
in a tight range uh within that band so
certainly they're not you weaponizing
the yuan in terms are letting it weaken
for not trying to let that happen at the
moment. Um, while these trade
negotiations are ongoing,
>> David, Steve Engel here, uh, what do we
need to look at as far as the yen at
15106? Uh, it has strengthened a little
bit, but again, it still is floating
above that 150 handle. Can't get any
traction on strength right now despite,
of course, what might happen with the
BOJ going forward and uh, tightening
interest rates. What should we be
looking for right now with the yen?
>> Yeah, the yen's been very choppy trade.
A lot of traders would just call it a
chopfest actually if we're being honest.
Uh because it's been whipping around on
headlines, risk on, risk off. I think at
the end of the day, one of the key
things to really focus on is what does
happen with Takahichi at the moment.
Look, she is LDP leader of LDP. That
would and normally you'd assume that
would be she become prime minister.
However, with the coalition trade talks
uh basically breaking up, that now
throws that into a question over that
and you have opposition parties now
debating whether they'll actually can
coal agree themselves on their own
candidate of one of the other parties.
If that's the case, then you could see
someone else other than T become prime
minister and more than likely whoever
becomes prime minister under that case
will be someone going this increased
stimulus. they'll be not spurring BOJ to
hike too quickly. So both those things
combined would be a bit of yen weakness.
So that's certainly on the background
one thing to keep an eye on. I think um
even though Takichi herself is not like
a BOJ hiking fan I think certainly if
she wasn't to win you think overall
that's an even clearer signal to the
market that um there will be from fiscal
stimulus coming and the the rhetoric
coming out of whoever the new prime
minister would be would mostly for like
BOJ don't hike too quickly those things
combined wouldn't really lead to yen
strength again having said that we look
at dollar yen you've also got to look at
the dollar side of the equation and how
that plays out with ongoing trade
negotiations. But from the yen side of
the equation, until we actually know who
is prime minister, you could see a bit
of a chop um choppy trade still ongoing.
>> Yeah, you know, David, potentially
speaking of the dollar side and rhetoric
here. I want to ask you that your
thoughts on what seem to be very clear
signals from Jay Powell that the Fed is
likely going, if not cementing a a a
cut, all things considered, and nothing
changes, of course, ahead of the the
October meeting. But there's a chance
that the, you know, that Fed meeting
comes within a 24-hour window of a
Donald Trump Xi Jinping summit. And I
wonder how FX market should be looking
at that risk on the dollar there.
>> I think at the moment far as rate cut,
you look at the markets, they're
basically going, look, there's two rate
cuts this year no matter what happens.
Um, I think Pal really confirmed that
yesterday. He really said look we even
though a lot of data has been delayed
obviously with the government shutdown
he did say look he's worried about
weakening labor market so he really
signaled look we that's our focus so
we're going to cut more than likely in
October and really the market's going
given the existing dot plot has said
look there's going to be another cut in
December so I don't think Xiinping US
summit with Trump would really swing
that that too much I think the markets
really said look federal government
federal bank has spoken And it's what we
think and what we want to hear which is
two rate cuts. So that will sort of keep
pressure on the dollar and you've seen a
bit today. You're seeing US yields drift
a bit lower which helping helping
support this dollar weakness that you're
seeing across FX markets today.
>> David, thank you so much. David Finney,
our FX and rates strategist in Singapore
for us dollar story of course as we go
into the thick of the Wednesday session
across global markets. Stay with us.
Plenty of barhead. This is homework.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. You're watching the
China show. If winter is in fact coming,
we certainly don't feel it yet here in
Hong Kong. Markets are looking at this
though as it pertains to power demand. I
had a winter in mainland China and some
of the
>> u energy related names are rising on the
back of early signs of rising demand
there. Well, analysts are talking about
the possible dual leninia in the autumn
and winter of this year, increasing the
probability of a cold winter. In
particular, up in the Dong Bay up in the
northeast, Leoning Energy Industry
Company, it is I live there in 1990. It
is cold minus 30. I've never felt cold
like that. Uh, blessed be the Dongbean,
the Northeast.
>> You can meet my ex though if you want to
make her cold that anyway. But okay,
that's a different conversation. So
Shanhi obviously a big coal region up 2
and a half% right now and China coal up
1 and a.5%.
>> Yeah. Okay. Well somewhere where it is
maybe warm and fuzzy as we're looking at
the sun. Solar stocks that's my segue uh
going into this specific uh part of the
market optimism over policy support. I
mean this is really a trade that I think
is on day either day two or day three.
uh cities now talking about how maybe
more policy support and I would imagine
that might have to do with the fact that
maybe you're taking some of the capacity
um off the table. Question mark.
>> Yeah, it may be related to capping the
utilization rate of production capacity
uh to no more than 65% banning net
increment in new capacity and aiming to
achieve supply demand balance in 2026.
This according to the city analyst.
>> Okay. Um and yeah, we'll see if that has
a another day on Thursday. Uh very very
quickly before we wrap up the show
today, Hansen index is completely
different from the picture. You know
what? No, let me just take that back. It
looked similar to this time yesterday
and then things completely just went
downhill in the afternoon session. So
far things do look good.
>> Yeah, again we'll have to see how long
this um retrieve if you will of the
selling last.
>> Okay, we'll see you all tomorrow. We'll
leave you to look at Asia Pacific also
doing quite well this Wednesday. That's
it from us here on the China show.
[Music]